# PREDICTION OF AIRPOLLUTION BY USING MACHINE LEARNING ALGORITHMS
controlling and defensive the higher air greatness has gotten one in everything about first imperative occasions in different creating and metropolitan districts at the present. The greatness of air is adversely contacting collectible to the different styles of tainting influenced through the transportation, power, powers consumptions, and so forth. In our country population is a big problem as day by day population is increasing, so the rapid increasing in population and economic upswing is leading environment problems in city like air pollution, water pollution etc. In some of air pollution and air pollution is direct impact on human body. As we know that major pollutants are arising from Nitrogen Oxide, Carbon Monoxide & Particulate matter (PM), SO2 etc. Carbon Monoxide is arising due to the deficient Oxidization of propellant like as petroleum, gas, etc. nitrogen oxide (NO) is arising due to the ignition of thermal fuel; Sulphur Dioxide(So2) is major spread in air, So2 is a gas which is present more pollutants in air, it’s affect more in human body. the predominance of air is overstated by multidimensional impacts containing spot, time and vague boundaries. The goal of this improvement is to take a gander at the AI basically based ways for air quality expectation. In this paper we will predict of air pollution by using machine learning algorithm. 
Keywords— Air Quality Index (AQI), Linear Regression, Python, SO2. Jupyter Notebook
